Add ability to exclude queues by flag option --exclude_specified_queues (#1083)
collectiveidea/delayed_job: README.md

    RAILS_ENV=production script/delayed_job --queue=tracking start
    RAILS_ENV=production script/delayed_job --queues=mailers,tasks start

>     # Option --exclude-specified-queues will do inverse of queues processing by skipping onces from --queue, --queues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Option --exclude-specified-queues will do inverse of queues processing by skipping ones from --queue, --queues.
```

    QUEUE=tracking rake jobs:work
    QUEUES=mailers,tasks rake jobs:work

If EXCLUDE_SPECIFIED_QUEUES set to YES, then queues defined by QUEUE, QUEUES will be skipped instead.

> See opton --exclude-specified-queues description for specal case of queue "*"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See option --exclude-specified-queues description for special case of queue "*"
```
